Who are you going to kill?
Thousands of what
Come on
Reverse
It's against you
The Zhao family openly attacked the city lord
Get it for me
Lord Xia City
Where is my Zhao family?
Willing to give 50% of the family property
Please be kind to me
Give us a break
take away
Lord Xia City
Please spare us
What happens next
Leave it to you
You really scared me to death
I almost thought
never see you again
Okay Yueying
It's okay
Less strong
If City Lord Xia hadn't come,
How are you going to get me out?
If I say
City Lord Xia is
I came to save you
Do you believe it?
you
You invited
Of course
Two hundred million
Just for you
Say it
How should you repay me?
You came to save me
Does Xu Qing know?
I'm afraid she'll be worried
I didn't tell her
She is full of Xu Qing
Come and save me too
It means he has me in his heart
Xiaoqing
Lin Yang
you are finally back
when i come back
see you are not here
I'm so worried about you
Who are you
How did you get in?
I told the landlord
I'm your girlfriend
He let me in
good
Didn't you say
Do you want to support me?
Do you want to regret it?